---
Title: Trump pleads NOT guilty in federal documents case - Get the dirt here!
Description: 
Date: 2023-06-13T20:25:25.0000000Z
Categories:
- Politics
Tags:
- Trump
- ' legal case'
- ' not guilty'
- ' pleading'
- ' federal documents.'
Thumbnail:
  Src: ./salacious.news.site/static/img/posts/d1034907-e6ca-4b53-86a8-4fd3a27901c3.png
  Visibility:
  - post

---
Oh, the tea is piping hot today, my darlings! It seems that former President Donald Trump has found himself in some legal trouble yet again. According to Reuters, Trump has recently pleaded NOT guilty in a federal documents case.

Wait, wait, wait, let me back up a bit. For those of you who may not be up-to-date on this juicy scandal, let me fill you in. It all started when Trump's former attorney, Michael Cohen, was convicted of lying to Congress regarding a possible business deal in Russia during the 2016 election. Fast forward a bit, and it seems that Cohen is now working with prosecutors investigating Trump's own involvement in the matter.

So, what actually happened? Well, it seems that Trump's company, The Trump Organization, was involved in some business dealings with a Russian company called I.C. Expert during the 2016 election. I.C. Expert was allegedly planning to build a Trump Tower in Moscow, and Trump's company was supposedly working with them behind the scenes. But, as you can probably guess, this could be a pretty big problem considering the fact that Russia was actively trying to interfere with the U.S. election at the time.

Now, back to the present day. Trump's pleading "not guilty" in this federal documents case is just the latest development in this ongoing scandal. According to court documents, Trump's company is being accused of providing false and misleading information to banks and Congress about their business dealings with I.C. Expert.

But, of course, this isn't the first time that Trump has found himself in legal hot water. He's faced a number of lawsuits and investigations over the years, including the infamous Mueller investigation into possible collusion with Russia during the 2016 election. And, let's not forget about those sexual assault allegations and the Stormy Daniels scandal.

So, what happens next? It remains to be seen. But, you can bet your bottom dollar that we'll be keeping a close eye on this scandal and all the drama that comes with it. Stay tuned for the latest updates, my loves!

In summary, Donald Trump has recently pleaded not guilty in a federal documents case related to his company's business dealings with a Russian company during the 2016 election. This is just the latest development in an ongoing scandal that has seen Trump face numerous lawsuits and investigations over the years.